Add FedRAMP glossary entry with guidelines. (#405)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/f.adoc

*See also*:

//Add FedRAMP terminology Issue #395

> [[fedora-project]]

Reviewer: This needs to be updated to fedramp

```suggestion
[[fedramp]]
```

==== image:images/yes.png[yes] FedRAMP® (noun)

> *Description*: The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®) is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the ® symbol at first usage in a document. For additional information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].

Reviewer: Question: Should it be spelled out upon first use, or not? (Either way, I'd recommend mentioning that here)

A few suggestions too

```suggestion
*Description*: The _Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP®)_ is managed by the FedRAMP Program Management Office. Use the registered trademark symbol (®) at first usage in a document. For more information, see the link:https://www.fedramp.gov/assets/resources/documents/FedRAMP_Branding_Guidance.pdf[FedRAMP Brand Guide].
```
